Odyssey'25 Sponsorship Email Automation

This project provides an automated way to send personalized sponsorship invitation emails to companies for the Odyssey'25 cultural fest hosted by IIIT Delhi. The emails are sent via Gmail using Python's smtplib library, with the option to include an attachment (e.g., a sponsorship proposal PDF).

Table of Contents
Project Overview
Features
Requirements
Setup
How to Use
License
Project Overview

Odyssey'25 is an upcoming cultural festival organized by Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology (IIIT) Delhi. This project is designed to automate the process of reaching out to potential sponsors by sending personalized emails to company representatives, inviting them to partner with the event. The script also allows you to attach sponsorship proposals in PDF format.

Features
Personalized emails: Each email is customized with the recipient's company name for a more personal touch.
Attachment support: Attach a sponsorship proposal or other relevant documents to the email.
Email validation: The script only targets Gmail addresses for sending emails.
Error handling: Handles issues like missing attachments or SMTP errors.
Requirements

To run this script, you will need the following:

Python 3.x installed on your system
pandas library for reading Excel files (pip install pandas)
smtplib library (comes pre-installed with Python)
email.mime for constructing the email with attachments (comes pre-installed with Python)
Access to a Gmail account to send emails
Setup

Clone the Repository: If you haven't already, clone this repository to your local machine:
git clone https://github.com/your-username/odyssey-25-sponsorship-email.git
cd odyssey-25-sponsorship-email
Install Dependencies: Install the required Python libraries:
pip install pandas
Configure Your Gmail Credentials:
Use an app-specific password for Gmail. Learn how to create one here.
Update the email and password variables in the script:
GMAIL_USER = 'your-email@gmail.com'
GMAIL_PASSWORD = 'your-app-specific-password'
Prepare Your Excel File:
Your Excel file (spons.xlsx) should contain two columns: Company Name and Email.
Ensure that the file is placed in the same directory as the script or update the path accordingly.
Prepare the Attachment:
Place the sponsorship proposal PDF (or any other attachment) in the same directory as the script and ensure the file name matches the one defined in the script (Odyssey'25-Sponsorship-proposal.pdf).
How to Use

Once everything is set up, simply run the Python script. It will read the company names and email addresses from your Excel file, personalize the email content, and send it to the specified Gmail addresses.

python send_sponsorship_emails.py
The script will send an email to each company in the Excel file.
Each email will be personalized with the company name.
The sponsorship proposal PDF will be attached to each email.
Any errors in sending the email will be printed in the console.
License

This project is open-source and licensed under the MIT License.

Contributing

Feel free to contribute by submitting issues or pull requests. If you want to improve this script or add new features, open an issue or submit a PR with a detailed explanation of your changes.

Acknowledgments

Special thanks to the IIIT Delhi Sponsorship Team for providing the content and supporting materials for this project.
This script uses Python's built-in smtplib for email handling and pandas for reading Excel files.
Example Output
For each company, you will see output like:

Processing ABC Corp (abc@company.com)
Attachment Odyssey'25-Sponsorship-proposal.pdf added.
Email sent to abc@company.com
This lets you know that the email was sent successfully with the attachment.

This README provides a clear and structured explanation for users interested in automating their sponsorship email outreach for Odyssey'25. You can share it with contributors and anyone who wants to implement this script.
